#458: Added FAQ entry for outdated views (#459)
exasol/virtual-schemas: doc/user-guide/faq.md

**Answer**: Yes, you can use TABLE_FILTER = 'TABLE1','TABLE2',... . Only these tables will be available as virtual tables, all other tables are excluded.

### I created a Virtual Schema on a view of an Exasol database, but the view does not exist in the Virtual Schema.

> You created an Exasol-Exasol Virtual Schema on a schema that contains a view, but the Virtual Schema does not contain the view.

Reviewer: Please, merge this sentence with the question above. It's somehow a duplication

In that case the view was probably outdated, when you created the Virtual Schema.

This can happen if you create the view using `CREATE FORCE VIEW` or you updated a table that is part of the view after the view but did not refresh the view (Exasol refreshes views for example when they are queried).

> **Answer:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Solution:**
```

> 1. Refresh the view on the external Exasol database (for example using `DESCRIBE MY_VIEW`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refresh the view on the source (for example using `DESCRIBE MY_VIEW`). 
```
